lv 1
-EXPLAIN QUERY PLAN
Most significantly, EXPLAIN QUERY PLAN reports on the way in which the query uses database indices. 

- ACID
ACID is an acronym that refers to the set of 4 key properties that define a 
	transaction: Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability. 
	If a database operation has these ACID properties, it can be called an ACID transaction, 
	and data storage systems that apply these operations are called transactional systems.
	ACID transactions guarantee that each read, write, or modification of a table has the following properties:
Atomicity - each statement in a transaction (to read, write, update or delete data) is treated as a single unit. 
	Either the entire statement is executed, or none of it is executed. This property prevents data 
	loss and corruption from occurring if, for example, if your streaming data source fails mid-stream.
Consistency - ensures that transactions only make changes to tables in predefined, predictable ways. 
	Transactional consistency ensures that corruption or errors in your data do not create unintended 
	consequences for the integrity of your table.
Isolation - when multiple users are reading and writing from the same table all at once, isolation 
	of their transactions ensures that the concurrent transactions don't interfere with or affect 
	one another. Each request can occur as though they were occurring one by one, even though 
	they're actually occurring simultaneously.
Durability - ensures that changes to your data made by successfully executed transactions will be saved,
	even in the event of system failure.

-inverted index
inverted index (also referred to as a postings list, postings file, or inverted file) is a database 
index storing a mapping from content, such as words or numbers, to its locations in a table, or in a 
document or a set of documents (named in contrast to a forward index, which maps from documents to content).
The purpose of an inverted index is to allow fast full-text searches, at a cost of increased processing 
when a document is added to the database.
	A record-level inverted index (or inverted file index or just inverted file) contains 
	a list of references to documents for each word. A word-level inverted index (or full inverted 
	index or inverted list) additionally contains the positions of each word within a document.[4] 
	The latter form offers more functionality (like phrase searches), but needs more processing power 
	and space to be created.

-outer join (все, что внутри пересечения + все что снаружи 
	(если full, для лево и право соответственно слева и справа) )

- CTEs
A Common Table Expression is a named temporary result set. You create a CTE using a WITH query, 
then reference it within a SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statement

-computed columns
	A computed column in SQL Server is a virtual column that computes its values from an expression. 
	We can use a constant value, function, value derived from other columns, non-computed column name, 
	or their combinations. We can store these columns physically as well using PERSISTED property if required.

-stored column




